## General

In terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000, this document is an electronic record. Being generated by a computer system it does not require any physical or digital signatures.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for access or usage of Knowlarity.

## User Registration

A "Customer" is anyone who installs Sandeza products or services. When a Customer purchases retail products or services for use by others, those individuals also may be considered Customers for purposes of this Policy. A "User" is anyone who visits our websites.

## Scope of Work

The scope of work includes providing cloud communication services for the User's business requirements including Inbound & Outbound chat solution system for providing support services and IT solutions related to cloud communication products including.

## Resolution and Escalation Matrix

We will strive to resolve any delay in Services delivery. User can email to Us at connect@sandeza-inc.com for any query or concern. We will address this concern within 48 hours. To ensure timely resolution when User escalates its concern, User must mention the ticket number received from Freshworks; and, a brief summary on why the resolution provided so far has not been satisfactory. Certain issues, depending on their nature, would require testing and observation over multiple days. This can increase the resolution time for the User. However, We assure that Our team will be working on these issues diligently throughout and will keep the User updated on the progress. In case We are unable to resolve the issue within the stated timeline, or if the User is not satisfied with the resolution provided, User can escalate its concern to Our management at connect@sandeza-inc.com . We will address the User's concern within 24 working hours. If User is still not satisfied with the resolution provided by Our management, User will be opted for a video call meeting. Any concerns raised here will be addressed in two working hours and will require further 48 working hours for a resolution. National holidays and non-working days are not considered in the timeline.

## Limitation of Liability:

Sandeza does not guarantee uninterrupted or fault-free working of the Network or the Service/s and shall not be liable to the User or other person for injuries or damages or death resulting from operation of the Network/Service/s arising due to any events (including but not limited to fire, explosion, war, riots, strikes, lockouts, picketing, boycotts, acts of government authorities, act of God, operations of other telecom or allied service providers).

Sandeza makes no representation or warranty other than those specifically set forth herein and disclaims all warranties, express or implied.

Sandeza expressly excludes liability for itself, its directors and its employees for any direct or indirect consequential loss, damage, economic or otherwise, including loss of profits and loss of reputation even if advised of the possibility thereof including any liability for libel and/or slander arising out of a message or content received or sent by Customer via the Network.`